Fix remove route params, as they may leak PII data (#3487)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Fix leaking route params, as they may contain PII data ([#3487](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3487))

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more specific
```suggestion
- Stop sending navigation route params for auto-generated transactions, as they may contain PII or other sensitive data ([#3487](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3487))
```

> - Fix leaking route params, as they may contain PII data ([#3487](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3487))

Reviewer: We could also link to the troubleshooting page https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/troubleshooting/#routing-transaction-data-contains-sensitive-information.
